benefits updated (#119)
confidential-computing/governance: project-progression-policy.md

4. Project Support: The Consortium can provide limited funds to support project communication and infrastructure costs for CI/CD.
5. Outreach: Part of the Consortium's mission is to promote the use of confidential computing with various communities and hence its recognized projects, to deliver that outcome.
6. Internships: The [TAC has committed](https://lists.confidentialcomputing.io/g/main/files/TAC/Meetings/2021/09-Sept/TAC%20Minutes%202021-09-09.pdf) to fund one intern per CCC project that commits to the list of "Mentor Responsibilities" on the [Outreachy mentor page](https://www.outreachy.org/mentor/).
7. Test infrastructure: Up to $7500 in budget for hardware and software per year.

> 8. Collaboration: Interns are provided with [Collaboration tools](mailto:operations@confidentialcomputing.io).

Reviewer: In the slide referenced from the issue there are 4 tools listed. 3 are already in this document. Just need to list zoom.
```suggestion
8. Video conferencing support: A zoom account for community meetings.
```

Meetings will also take place through "Zoom" for further discussion within mentees and mentors.
9. Domain name: A domain name registration and renewals can be granted.
10. Mailing lists: For further networking.
11. YouTube Playlist: For reference and learning.
12. Security Scanning: Optional.

> 13. LFX tools: Access to Linux Foundation tools to improve many aspects of a project from security to community health [tools](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. LFX tools: Access to Linux Foundation tools to improve many aspects of a project from security to community health [tools](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/).

Approved projects can [contact](mailto:operations@confidentialcomputing.io) for access to these benefits.
```

4. Project Support: The Consortium can provide limited funds to support project communication and infrastructure costs for CI/CD.
5. Outreach: Part of the Consortium's mission is to promote the use of confidential computing with various communities and hence its recognized projects, to deliver that outcome.
6. Internships: The [TAC has committed](https://lists.confidentialcomputing.io/g/main/files/TAC/Meetings/2021/09-Sept/TAC%20Minutes%202021-09-09.pdf) to fund one intern per CCC project that commits to the list of "Mentor Responsibilities" on the [Outreachy mentor page](https://www.outreachy.org/mentor/).

> 7. Stipend: Upto $7500 in budget for hardware and software per year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Stipend: Up to $7500 in budget for hardware and software per year.
```

> 8. Funding: Provided with a funding for one Outreachy Intern.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Intern: Up to one [Outreachy](https://www.outreachy.org) Intern per year.
```

> 8. Intern: Up to one [Outreachy](https://www.outreachy.org) Intern per year.

Reviewer: Isn't this redundant with # 6 in the list?

Author: I have removed the redundant listings.

> Meetings will also take place through "Zoom" for further discussion within mentees and mentors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 9. Mentorship: TAC(Technical Advisory Committee) mentor will be assigned to the project to guide through the edgecases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Mentorship: The Technical Advisory Council will assign a [mentor](project-mentors.md) to the project.
```

9. Domain name: A domain name registration and renewals can be granted.

> 10. Mailing lists: For further networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Mailing lists: For asynchronous community discussions.
```

> 11. YouTube Playlist: For reference and learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. YouTube Playlist: For publishing community meetings, demos, and other project content.
```

> 11. Domain: Registration and renewals are granted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Domain name: A domain name registration and renewals can be granted.
```

12. Mailing lists: For further networking.
13. YouTube Playlist: For reference and learning.
14. Security Scanning: Optional.

> 15. LFX tools: The most important thing are the [tools](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/).

Reviewer: I don't understand the "most important" comment. Maybe instead something like... 
```suggestion
15. LFX tools: Access to Linux Foundation tools to improve many aspects of a project from security to community health [tools](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/).
```

Author: Commited changes
